hi
[Music]
i'm going to do a makeup video it's a
halloween inspired makeup video but i
want to make it glam
because
[Music]
is a mask a lace mask and
i find it really unique
since
glue elmer's glue not purple
the first thing that you're going to do
is to
um brush
now that i have my powder i'm going to
use
loose powder this is to hold glue
[Music]
going to use your spoolie
spoolie tapas
in pata
[Music]
upwards there you go and do the same on
the other eye
other eyebrows
fast forward so i'm doing four layers
[Music]
on
then i'm going to use a brush it's a
second layer
seamless now
[Music]
i'm going to do this then apply
some concealer
i'm using the vice cosmetics because
now powder i'm gonna use
successful i'm just gonna fix this part
and then i'm gonna do it on the other
side
okay i'm gonna stop there first because
blush and new other things like the lips
so we're gonna proceed to the fun part
which is going to be
me drawing or attempting to
draw the mask on my face
okay i'm going to give you a tip on how
to apply
whatever on your face next symmetrical
like
i mean simple eyeliner and all that make
sure that you
you put or you draw first this aside
it will make it easier for you to copy
[Music]
so
sugar
[Music]
make an outline then
so why did i use a pencil first
masmadalisha
to say you get to
[Music]
face paint or you can use a
gel liner or something but for me i'm
gonna use
facebook you know so
i'm gonna make this spiderman
[Music]
general
um
[Music]
we're going to apply or i'm going to
apply
black shadow i'm going to use a fluffy
brush
fire along with this persian product
[Music]
satisfied navadito so what are we gonna
do next
we are going to
use a face paint i'm gonna use it
i'm gonna use a small brush oh you
should bring that
and cantona
[Music]
and we're gonna do the same thing on the
other
side of course so i'm basically done
with the mask
i'm gonna do something
or what let's see let's see let's see
okay bye
be right back i'm now done with
the overall look but
i'm gonna finish off first by applying
blush and lipstick tapas
dazzle or something
okay
blush
[Music]
oh my gosh then precious petals
okay
[Music]
because the blue one looks really cool
as well
now now i'm gonna fix my hair and change
[Music]
hey here's the look i'm really proud of
it
and you couldn't expect normally you can
turn yourself so
really happy so yeah that's it
[Music]
bye